Rework of the introduction (#93)
decentralized-identity/bbs-signature: draft-bbs-signatures.md

However, traditional digital signature schemes require both the signature and the entire message to be disclosed during verification, constraining its usage in certain applications.

The BBS Signature scheme provides many new properties however two ones are

**Selective Disclosure** - The scheme allows a signer to sign multiple payloads while still produce a single output signature. An intermediary then possessing the payloads and the signature can generate a proof whereby they can choose which payloads to reveal.

> **Un-linkable Presentations** - The proofs generated by the scheme are known as a signature proof of knowledge meaning a verifying party in receipt of a proof is unable to determine which signature was used to generate the proof.

Reviewer: Can be one word `Unlinkable`

Author: ```suggestion
**Unlinkable Presentations** - The proofs generated by the scheme are known as a signature proof of knowledge meaning a verifying party in receipt of a proof is unable to determine which signature was used to generate the proof.
```
